Choerry: It’s our first fan meeting, right?
Kim Lip: Yes~ Yes~
Choerry: And there’re so many fans out there, right?
Choerry: So I’m very excited and happy right now~
Kim Lip: (The soulless answer) Really? Yes~ I feel the same way~
JinSoul: We’re going to start this fan meeting!
JInSoul: So, let’s work hard today!
(LOOΠΔ / ODD EYE CIRCLE is ready!)
(How about LOOΠΔ 1/3?)
HaSeul: LOOΠΔ 1/3 will do our best for you!
HyunJin: Let’s make the pose!
(LOOΠΔ 1/3 is ready, too!)
Yves: Can you do it well?
Olivia Hye: Right~
Go Won: Of course! We can do well!
Yves: Please look forward to our stage because it’s our first ever stage performance.
Yves: And our performance will be so cute and fresh. So please be ready to grab your heart~!
(LOOΠΔ / yyxy is ready!)
YeoJin: Hello~ all 12 girls are gathered here for the first time!
YeoJin: Applause~
YeoJin: We don’t have much time~
(The Queen of MCing!)
YeoJin: Then what exactly must we do?
All: Work hard!
All: 1, 2,3 LOOΠΔ fighting!
(Finally all 12 girls are ready!)